(explosion)
[Mundane] Heh...
There's something I think
you should know.
I've only shown you 22
milliwatts of my power.
No, 32 grams?
Three yards,
eight pounds maybe...
Or knots, gauss,
candelae, newtons?
It's hopeless!
It's confusing trying to get
the right units of measurement.
I need to do a better job
honing the image in my mind.
Hmm?
(pounding on door)
Hey Cid, I have an offer you
can't refuse! Open the door!
[Kagenou] As long as people
interact with one another,
[Skel] Hey Cid! Open up!
that interaction will
breed annoyance.
(Skel continues)
So why do people continue to
seek the company of others
when they know
it will be annoying?
[Skel] Hey!
(still pounding on door)
We're totally gonna
strike it rich!
Student Council President Rose
is wanted, man!
We get 10 million zeni
if we bring her in alive!
500,000 if we can give them
any useful information.
Let's go catch her!
[Cid] Why?
[Skel] Because I'm broke!
I thought you were
gonna make a killing
on a sure bet
you couldn't lose.
Will you just shut up?
I'm broke, and I'm not going to
go into all the details.
But the point is,
I have no money.
Ergo, for no reason in
particular, I NEED MONEY!
[Cid] Uh-huh.
And of course,
we'll split the reward 50/50.
And you can trust me
to do that for you,
[Kagenou] But the thing is,
(Skel continues)
I'm actually in favor
of her running away.
[Skel] ...in the kindess
of your heart...
[Kagenou]
She's a rebel who would try
and kill a fiance that
she doesn't wanna marry.
That takes guts.
I really admire that.
You don't see that every day.
(Skel continues ranting)
I wish she'd let me
be there to watch.
[Skel] ...and I get the joy of
a cash reward!
It's a win-win, don't worry!
Your personal reward will
always be with you,
living on in your heart.
The memories of
frolicking frantically
cross the capital
under the summer sky
so that I get the cash reward.
That's the greatest treasure.
Memories are the
ultimate reward,
so of course you understand,
Cid.
I'm saying all this for my
benefit. (ack)
Time to start operation
"Capture President Rose."
[Skel] Start operation, but-
[Cid] Don't wanna waste time,
let's go.
(Skel screams)
(bushes rustle)
(birds chirping)
(bell ringing)
(OPENING THEME)
(general hubub)
[Kagenou] For now,
I just need to buy some time
while I wait for
Rose to cool down.
I wonder if Rose managed to
get away safe and sound?
(bell clanging)
If I'd had my wish,
I would've liked to
ask her in person
what inspired her
to do something
so rock'n'roll
as stab her fiance.
("Moonlight Sonata" playing)
Hm?
They sound pretty good.
[Kagenou] In my past life,
as part of my family's
educational policy,
I was forced to
learn the piano.
Frankly, I would've much
rather spent my time
training to become the
Eminence in Shadow
than wasting it on
that nonsense.
But after a while,
I started thinking
the piano's not so bad.
When you get good at the piano,
everybody around you
starts to assume
"Oh, he's busy practicing,"
so they don't bother you.
As someone who wanted to keep
friendly interactions
to a minimum
in my quest to become the
Eminence in Shadow,
I appreciated this
misunderstanding.
But most of all,
I simply realized
that the piano was
just really cool.
The Eminence in Shadow
playing the piano
in the light of the moon...
Awesome, right?
It shows the world that I'm
not just about pure power.
I'm also an amazing artiste.
So cool!
The next thing I knew,
I was pretty hardcore
about the piano.
Of course, training to be
the Eminence in Shadow
was my number one priority.
But the idea of creating
the mood for a battle
with some sweet piano music?
That was hard to give up.
(sonata continues)
"Beethoven's
Piano Sonata Number 14,"
the "Moonlight Sonata"...
Even under the hot summer sun,
it conjures images of the moon
shining in the dark night.
It's my favorite piece.
In fact, I love it so much,
I think it's basically
the only piece
that could be considered
the best piece
for an Eminence in Shadow.
But how does the "Moonlight
Sonata" exist in this world?
(sonata continues)
Maybe there really is someone
else who's been reincarnated.
("Moonlight Sonata")
It looks like she's wearing a
nice summer dress,
which also happens to perfectly
cover her slime-enhanced
chest and legs.
That's Epsilon the Precise
for you.
(sonata concludes)
(audience applauds)
[Kagenou] First Gamma, then
Beta, now Epsilon.
(gentle music)
I never would have dreamed
you would come to hear me play,
my Lord.
I'm not worthy of this honor.
That piece was the
"Moonlight Sonata," right?
Yes!
Of the many beautiful pieces
you taught me, my Lord,
it is the piece of music that I
adore the very most.
I didn't mean to
teach you anything.
But I guess I can be pleased to
hear someone else say
she likes something I like.
It's nice to have
something in common.
[Epsilon]
Thanks to your wisdom, my Lord,
I am building connections
with influential people
as a pianist,
and as a composer.
Composer, really?
Yes, the "Moonlight Sonata,"
"The Turkish March,"
"The Minute Waltz," all of them.
They're popular with
the nobility,
and the Royal Capital has
even given me awards.
Seriously, awards?
[Kagenou] Accepting credit
for plagiarized music?
She has no shame.
The Oriana Kingdom,
the kingdom of art and culture,
has invited me to visit as
an up and coming composer.
[Kagenou] My apologies to
all the great composers.
[Epsilon]
As I'm sure you are aware,
there's a lot of
profitable work to be done
in the Oriana Kingdom
right now.
They're the kingdom of
art and culture.
[Epsilon] Yes.
This time I think there's
an especially worthwhile
job to be done.
Good luck with that.
[Epsilon] I shall perform
my duty, and my music
in a way worthy of the
sublime masterpieces
you have bestowed upon me.
Good luck with all that.
Oh yeah, do you happen to know
where Princess Rose ran off to?
Where Princess Rose is?
I'm sorry, Beta is responsible
for that particular case,
so I don't know any details.
But I have heard that
she has taken refuge
in the tunnels under
the Royal Capital.
Underground?
[Epsilon]
I'll send a messenger to Beta.
That's okay, you've given me
all that I need to know.
Your figure is as lovely as
ever today, Epsilon.
(gasps) Y-you're too kind!
Humble Epsilon is still nowhere
near what she should be.
Plagiarism aside,
she made me happy
by telling me
she likes the
"Moonlight Sonata."
So really,
I oughta tell her something
to make her happy too.
Hmm?
Hah...
(train whistle)
[Alexia]
My sister Iris thanks you
for the information
you provided.
She says she hopes you'll help
us again in the future.
[Natsume] I'm honored.
(train rattling)
[Alexia] So I was right.
We should assume that
Perv Asshat
is working with the cult.
[Natsume] If we follow his
dubious personal history,
I believe there's
no room for doubt.
[Alexia] The problem is that
we have no evidence.
[Natsume]
Indeed, this matter involves
the government and the Church,
so normal evidence
will not be enough.
[Alexia] Yeah, I know.
Even Father broke
his usual silence
to give me a stern warning.
He was like, "If you're going
to tie the Divine Teachings
to the Cult of Diablos,
you're going to need to
convince all our people,
and the neighboring
governments."
And if they brand us as
heretics, it's all over.
[Alexia]
Father keeps insisting that I
not mess with the
Divine Teachings.
How in the world does
he plan to put a stop
to all the chaos the
Cult of Diablos has caused?
[Natsume] I believe he plans to
ignore it, as he always has.
As he always has?
Just my own speculation.
Forget I said anything.
[Alexia] Fine, whatever.
Anyway, Iris said something
that's been bothering me.
She had an audience
with King Oriana,
but he seemed somewhat vacant.
[Natsume] Vacant?
[Alexia] It makes sense that
he would be distracted
by his daughter's
act of violence,
but she said it
wasn't like that.
And apparently,
there was a sweet smell.
[Natsume]
It may already be too late.
[Alexia] The cult is still out
there, working its evil.
The way Father does things,
eventually, they'll get
to our kingdom too.
(water dripping)
(footsteps echoing)
I'm just curious, but where is
this stairway leading us?
To the Royal Capital's
underground passages.
But you already know
all about those.
[Natsume] Yes, you mean the
underground labyrinth
built across the
entire capital ages ago?
Allegedly, to help the
royal family escape.
[Alexia] Labyrinth...
Yeah, it is.
All the maps, keys, codes,
and everything were
lost a long time ago,
so now it's nothing
but a giant maze.
So why are we heading to
these passages now?
Why, to dispose of your body,
of course.
So that was a joke.
You're not even
a little bit scared.
Please, don't kill me!
[Alexia] It's possible
that Rose has escaped
into the underground passages,
so we're going there
to look for her.
[Natsume] Wait a minute.
[Alexia] What?
[Natsume]
Have you told anyone about this?
[Alexia]
Why would I tell anybody?
They would try and stop me.
You just said that this was
nothing but a giant maze.
How can you be sure that we'll
make it back out?
[Alexia] We just have to go
back the way we came, right?
[Natsume] Excuse me,
would you please refrain
from dragging people into
your spur of the moment,
reckless schemes?
If you have a problem with it,
you can leave.
(gasps)
Babysitting is part of the job,
Beta.
(panting)
What was I supposed
to do back there?
What was the right thing?
What would've been the
best course of action?
(tense music)
[major domo] His Royal Majesty.
[Perv] Go on, Your Majesty.
[Oriana]
You may raise your head.
It is good to see you again,
Your Majesty.
(gasps)
(haltingly)
It is... good to... see you...
Rose.
Oh, Father... (gasps)
(ominous music)
(cultists chuckling)
(growls)
(ungh)
(gasps)
[all]
Princess Rose has gone crazy!
(tense music)
[Rose] At the time, I thought I
had made a rational decision.
If I could've settled the
matter then and there,
we could've treated it all
as a domestic affair
within the Oriana Kingdom.
We could've stopped the problem
from spreading to
other nations,
like the Midgar Kingdom.
(panting)
(dramatic music)
Turn yourself in before
the festival is over!
Otherwise, I'll make your father
kill one of the other
guests of honor.
(panting)
[Rose] But what I did was not a
rational thing to do.
I was only acting on my anger
and desperation.
I wanted to protect them:
my one and only father
who raised me,
my one and only homeland.
Perv is just ONE of the
Cult's disposable pawns.
Killing him won't
change anything.
The Cult's roots have spread
too deep within our kingdom.
(gasps)
So, what if I do get away?
I'm hurting the knights
of my own kingdom,
pointlessly making
the problem worse.
What good will that do?
Maybe I should just
turn myself in.
Then, at the very least,
we can avoid a war.
And then Father...
(emotional music)
Would you keep believing in me,
no matter what happens?
[Cid] Sure.
I will.
Oh, Cid...
Surely you know
what's happened by now.
But do you still believe in me?
I wish I could eliminate
Perv and his sort,
and get my father back.
Then I'd marry you and
live happily ever after.
If only such fairytale endings
were real.
(pulse booms)
(gasps)
But in reality, I'm possessed.
None of my dreams were ever
meant to come true, after all.
("Moonlight Sonata"
playing faintly)
Oh...
The "Moonlight Sonata?"
(grunts)
(music is louder)
(sonata continues)
It's you.
Shadow...
(sonata draws to an end)
(feather rustling)
I've heard the
"Moonlight Sonata" many times,
but that is without a doubt
the best performance
I've ever experienced.
What do you hope to accomplish?
(dramatic music)
I wanted to protect them.
But I couldn't.
I couldn't do anything.
[Shadow]
And you would let it end there?
So you would put down your
sword, and stop fighting?
Believe me, I never wanted
it to end this way.
I wanted the brightest future
for everyone.
(electrical discharge)
[Shadow] If you have any desire
to keep up that fight...
I will give you the
power you need.
(gasps)
[Rose] If I use that power,
will I be able to
change the future?
That all depends on you.
(gasps) I am Rose,
the princess of Oriana Kingdom,
and there are things
that I must do!
As Rose Oriana, there are hopes
I want to keep alive!
I want the power
to achieve that!
(dramatic music)
What's happening?
(gasps)
Incredible!
So this is Shadow's true magic?
[Shadow] Rise up...
and prove to me that you're
willing to keep up the fight.
Never forget, true strength
lies not in one's power,
but in one's way of being.
(dramatic music)
(figures whooshing)
I know those uniforms.
So you belong to
the Cult of Diablos.
The fact that you are
appearing here at this
particular moment means...
(sword clangs)
(music pauses)
(blood splatters)
(music resumes)
Shadow...
He is a ray of moonlight that
pierces the darkness.
If I had my wish, I would too.
(blood rains down)
(girls panting)
What was that burst
of magical energy?
(gasps)
[Alexia] Rose!
[Rose] Alexia...
Look at you.
What was that burst of magic?
Rose?
I have obtained power.
I will follow the path
I believe in.
[Alexia] Wait a minute!
What are you talking about?
Why did you stab your fiance?
[Rose] I'm sorry, I don't
want to drag you into this.
[Alexia]
That doesn't tell me anything!
Answer the question!
[Rose] If I tell you,
you WILL get dragged into it.
At the Sanctuary,
we promised each other.
If we're never more
than spectators,
someday we'll lose
everything we care about.
That's why we
promised each other
we'd protect those
things together.
So how can you talk
to me like this?
Do you think I'm only as
good as a spectator?
I'm sorry.
[Alexia] Answer me!
There's no turning back
for me now.
And I envy you.
Tell me why.
[Rose] I've lost a number
of things already,
and I'm going to lose more.
Everyone will reject me,
denounce me as evil.
Yeah, so what?
That doesn't matter.
(electrical discharge)
I'm so sorry,
I have to leave you now.
[Alexia] All right, fine!
If you won't give me answers,
I'll force them out of you!
(emotional music)
(explosion)
I'm not just
a spectator anymore.
(hyaaah)
(gasps)
(explosion)
(energy whooshing)
(water trickling)
Alexia, when did you
get to be this strong?
[Rose] Miss Natsume,
I'm sorry, I have to go.
[Natsume]
I won't try to stop you.
I don't believe I have the
right to stop you, Princess.
[Rose] Miss Natsume?
But I must say,
I'm a little surprised.
I suppose even fools try to
find the best solutions.
We each have
different nationalities,
different affiliations,
different creeds,
but maybe the ideals we strive
for are the same.
It's possible that
this alliance of ours
wasn't such a
bad idea after all.
I wish you great success.
I suspect that our paths will
cross again before too long,
and I hope for that.
(footsteps receding)
Is this really what you have
chosen for her, Lord Shadow?
[staff]
Yes, it just disappeared.
And in broad daylight?
How very strange.
[Kagenou] A melody that echoes
through the darkness...
The words that
spring like a song
from the mouth of the
Eminence in Shadow...
Yes, I think that
went quite well.
I always knew a piano was an
excellent set piece.
I really wish I had my own,
so I didn't have to borrow one.
Huh?
(ENDING THEME)